classicalGuy "Florida here we come!" 
janeIzC00l "Lots of fun here in the windy city!" 
pet_lover101 "Donkeys are the best! I wish I had a house full of them." 
always_an_adventure "I can't believe you didn't say happy birthday to me." 
thestarsareouttonight "Congratulations on your new donkey!" 
painted_mountain "Trouble in paradise, it's raining cats and donkeys out here." 
dannydandan "Look at how cute she is! #bestdonkeyever!" 
mannytheman "I have so many things to say about donkeys. I don't know where to start." 
billymait "At any given moment the law of a nation contains things new and old." 
willfred "There is no fear of our saying that the judicial combat and the bill of exchange are institutions which belong to one and the same age." 
bobbybobob "I did it! I won the best donkey competition, second year ranking!" 
gil_marti "This is music to my ears. Stop braying to the beat of Tchaikovsky." 
joeyespin "I cant wait for the baseball game. Hotdogs and nachos here I come!" 
curiouscat "What came first, the donkey or the egg?" 
jlubbock "What we see depends mainly on what we look for" 
wisdon "To understand nothing takes time." 
thisiszen "Words are the fog one has to see through" 
happyperson "There's no greater love than the love of a donkey." 
peaceforall "Animals make me happy" 
dandi_lion "I want a donkey for christmas" 
martagon "Flowers are beautiful" 
ocelot "My donkey is so mean, she tore up my shoes." 
puma "I went running today for the first time in a long time and saw two cute stray donkeys." 
colocolo "I got my son a donkey for christmas. We named him spot" 
margay "I can't help but love these little guys" 
serual "Their fur is so soft." 
wwolfie "He's so big he could be a donkey" 
callitwhatitis "She went crazy and chewed up everything in the house!" 
annamarie "Clearly this donkey doesn't like hotel rooms" 
iamenglish "Check out where I'm going next week!" 
bewise "the bears and the donkeys are at it again" 
highwater "These pants seem to be too short" 
the_toaster "I'm sorry for burning your bread" 
afridge "It's cold in here" 
ovenoven "It's not cold in here" 
choco "Who is up for some delicious treats?" 
straydog "I miss my little donkey." 
disbelief "I can't believe my best friend is a donkey" 
moneymoney "If I could buy anything in the world it would be a donkey hotel" 
